#summary Control content and users.

= Introduction =

Currently, TextPattern contain 5 hardcoded roles that allow users certain backend functionality, depending on their role. Unfortunately, this presents an issue when attempting to create controlled content on the front end. asv_community will resolve this using a mixture the current users table and a new table to hold 'members'. 

= What is a member? =
A member is visitor of your site that has a unique login that is granted permission to view specific content. A member can be explicitly granted access to view content, or can be associated to a group that has been granted access to the article.

= What is a group? =
A group is a collection of users.

= Uninstalling =
Any article that requires permission to be viewed, will be marked as hidden. Therefore, should the plugin ever be uninstalled or disabled, the content will remain protected.

= Tables =
In order to grant members permissions, the following new tables are required:

asv_community_members
{
 id
 name
 email
 username
 password
}

asv_community_groups
{
 id
 name
}

asv_community_group_members
{
 id
 member_id
 group_id 
}

asv_community_permissions
{
 id
 article_id
 type (article, category, section, file, image)
 type_id (varchar(255))
 level (member, group)
 level_id
}

  * If accessible to all guests/memebers, an ID of 0 will be used.

= Hierarchy = 
Article permissions will trump category permissions, and category permissions will trump section permissions. Therefore you could limit 1 section a specific group but have categories in that section open to them.

= asv_community_article =
The original txp:article tag will need to replaced with the new asv_community_article tags, which will verify permissions before display the article or article list.

== The process ==
  * call asv_community_article()
  * find member id
  * find group id's for member
  * get list of approved categories
  * get list of approved sections
  * SELECT * FROM textpattern WHERE section in (approved_sections) AND category in (approved_categories) AND 

= Current Issues =
As it stands right now, all TXP users can see all generated content through the backend. Without modifying the TXP core, there is no way to limit the visibility to them.